**1. Good diary**

Today, my account hits 1 million followers. In the beginning, I used IG solely to share my art and discover new artist and inspirations, but I never expected my art to resonate with so many people. My art account has been on Instagram for almost 10 years. I started by posting my art weekly, or maybe monthly.  My art can be described as abstract figurative, mix media, and some what high tech. My account developed drastically, from only 100 followers in 2016 to 1 million followers in 2026.

With all the development and almighty tools of IG, I was able to create a visually compelling portfolio for my art. Through Instagram, I came in contact with many amazing artists and galleries curators which helps me promote my art and open exhibitions. I enjoy creating art of people I love and admire, from my family and friends to big influencers and public figures, and sometimes I have the courage of tagging celebrities on my posts. I still remember the day I posted my portrait of Lady Gaga, and luckily she shared my art on her Instagram story, and I received thousands of likes and followings. Some bands also reached me to collaborate with them to produce album artworks and music videos. 

Some of my fans create art based on my style, and I feel proud to inspire a younger generation of artists. I also opened a shop for my original art, prints, and merchandise, making art making not just a passion but also turned it into a business. However, I will not lose the authenticity of my art and keep doing art with passion and intuition.


**2. Negative diary**

Back in 2020, I was an 18 years old girl desperately wanting to be beautiful like supermodels, like Kylie Jenner. I was captivated by the blinding lights of fame, and where else can I get famous easier than Instagram? So I decided to settle to become an influencer. The botox lips, the snatched facelift, the boob jobs, the liposuction. I did them all. I post photos of myself daily on Instagram to gain more followers and kept on spreading the hype of gen-Z's beauty standard. No matter how much surgery I had, I never felt it was enough. I found myself constantly scrolling through the Instagram feed and always find people who look more beautiful than me. I was filled with envy. Even though I know it’s the magic of Photoshop, I still want to achieve the supreme level of beauty, for the likes, for the followers, for the fame. So I did not stop until my body can’t take any more surgery.

I put myself in a hole of constant injections of plastic and fillers. At 30 years old, I am left with scars of failed surgeries. It’s a horror to live like a saggy rotten corpse. I was never able to embrace my own beauty, and I partly blame that on Instagram and how the 2020s popularized the craze of unnatural beauty and targeted woman’s insecurity.
